fix: Typo (#1771)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/collections/_documentation/platforms/javascript/index.md

{% include components/alert.html
  title="Note"

>   content="Make sure the `SentryWebpackPlugin` is setup as the last running plugin, otherwise it could happen that the resulting source maps that the plugin receives are not the final one."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  content="Make sure the `SentryWebpackPlugin` is set up as the last running plugin, otherwise, it could happen that the resulting source maps that the plugin receives are not the final one."
```
